# Digital-Rights-Management-As-Service
Preamble: DRMS,  a  digital  rights  management  provider,  aims  to  offer  digital  rights  protection  and  management as a service for multimedia Content Producers (CP). When a content is delivered to  end - users  thanks  to  a  Content  Distribution  Network  (CDN),  access  must  be  r estricted  to  legal  users  that  have  been  granted  rights.  On  one  hand,  protection  of  content  must  be  ensured  in  the  content  dissemination  chain  from  CP  to  users  going  through  CDNs.  On  the  other  hand,  DRMS  must ensure that copies of protected contents are not shared illegally among users through other  content delivery systems (e.g,. P2P networks, other Web sites, key sharing systems). Project Overview: The objective of this project is to design, implement and test a proof of concept (PoC) of  the service offer ed by DRMS. The PoC must include: (i) DRMS  site :  a  computing  and  storage  infrastructure  is  deployed  by  DRMS  to  handle  digital  rights of many contents owned by several CPs and consumed by world wide spread users. (ii) Content  Producers (At least 2):  A compu ting and storage infrastructure allows  generating  and saving original copies of content.  A subscription service allows users to book content and to  obtain a proof of their access  rights.  Information about content, legal users and legal CDNs  are  continuous ly sent to the DRMS service.   (iii) Content Distribution Networks (CDNs):  A set of content dissemination servers, which are  geographically distributed across the globe.  (iii) A P2P network: A user - to - user content dissemination network, used by malicious  users to  re - distribute illegally content to illegal users.   (iv) An emulation of a public World Wide WAN enables communication between DRMS site,  CPs,  CDNs  and  end - users.  The  latter  are  located  behind  different  access  networks  and  can  use  several devices  to access content.   (v) Emulating  legal and illegal users .
